

		    Oak Ridge National Laboratory
		      Anonymous FTP File Server

		         Updated 5/12/200r53

INTRODUCTION

    The files under this directory are provided as a service of Oak Ridge 
    National Laboratory, managed by UT-Battelle LLC.

ORGANIZATION

    The anonymous FTP server is organized as follows:

    README 		 - this file

    pub                  - public files for anonymous users to download
                           with "get"

    incoming             - directory for anonymous users to upload data
                           into with the "put" command. DO NOT create
                           directories in this area, as they will be
                           deleted shortly after you create them.

    outgoing             - directory for anonymous users to download 
                           with "get".  "dir" and "ls" do not work in this
                           directory and you must know file names.

    bin, etc, usr        - files used to implement the server.  These
			   are not interesting or useful to most
  			   workstation users

USAGE

    Use the "cd" and "ls" commands to move around the FTP area.  Copy
    files to your system with the "get" command.  Use the "binary" command
    before transferring binary files such as executables and compressed
    files.  Compressed files have names ending with ".Z" or ".gz".  Use the
    uncompress or zcat command on your system to return ".Z" compressed
    files (or gunzip or gzcat for ".gz" files, see /unix/gzip) to their
    original format. 

    Filenames ending in ".tar" are tar archives.  See the tar man page
    on your system for more details on unpacking them.

    Filenames ending in ".ps" are in PostScript format.  They can be
    printed on a PostScript compatible printer or viewed on screen using a
    previewer such as DEC's dxpsview or Sun OpenWindows' pageview.

    Before retrieving large files, make sure you've got sufficient
    disk space on your system to get the files and unpack them.  The "ls
    -l" FTP command shows the size of files in bytes.  The "du" command on
    most workstations will show available disk space in 512 byte blocks.

    If you're coming from a workstation, don't forget that you can
    execute UNIX commands on your system while you're in FTP by prefixing
    them with an exclamation mark.  For example, to create a directory on
    your system type "!mkdir dir-name".

    Hint: to read text files without copying them to your system, copy
    them to "-".  For example, "get README -" will copy the remote file 
    README to your screen.  You can also substitute "/dev/tty" for "-",
    e.g., "get README /dev/tty" on UNIX systems.

IMPORTANT NOTICE

    If you have any problems, send email to cipsgroup@ornl.gov.

CONTACT

    Helpline can be reached by phone at (865) 241-6765 and by
    e-mail at helpline@ornl.gov.  If you have questions, comments, or 
    suggestions for improving our service, please tell us.
